DOC-1723 - Update link_quicklink option and mceLink command documentation (#4002)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/configuration/link_quicklink.adoc

[[link_quicklink]]
== `+link_quicklink+`

This option changes the behaviour of the `+CTRL + K+` shortcut and the xref:link.adoc#mceLink[`+mceLink+`] command. By default, pressing `+CTRL + K+` or executing the `+mceLink+` command opens the Link dialog. If `+link_quicklink+` is set to `+true+`, pressing `+CTRL + K+` will, by default, open the link context toolbar instead.

Even when `+link_quicklink+` is set to `+true+`, the full Link dialog can still be invoked by running `+tinymce.activeEditor.execCommand('mceLink', false, { dialog: true });+`.

> If the cursor is within an existing link, the context toolbar contains fields for modifying, removing and opening the selected link. If not, the context toolbar allows for the quick insertion of a link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option changes the behaviour of the `+CTRL + K+` shortcut and the xref:link.adoc#mceLink[`+mceLink+`] command.

When `+link_quicklink+` is set to `+false+`, pressing `+CTRL + K+` or executing the `+mceLink+` command will open the Link dialog.

When `+link_quicklink+` is set to `+true+`, pressing `+CTRL + K+` will open the link context toolbar instead, though the Link dialog can still be opened by running `+editor.execCommand('mceLink', false, { dialog: true })+`.

When a link is selected, the link context toolbar contains fields and buttons for modifying, removing and opening the selected link. When the selection doesn't contain a link, the link context toolbar contains fields and buttons for quickly inserting a link.
```
